we have this like we have these
spreadsheets right where we talk about
drafts and then there's usually someone
that gets deep dick we just have to
choose who it is every children well I'm
here on the third week of LCS to talk to
methey my favorite person interview I
post all of his interviews I never
forget to post one from week one and he
was definitely my first decision to
request for this interview all this
coverage brought to you by Omni slash so
mithi again I really wanted to talk to
you you were my first pick because rift
rivals is happening I want to talk to
you about the EU guys coming over here
could have talked to spend you know but
picks you what what what he what do you
think of uh are you looking forward to
seeing the EU teams come yeah yeah I'm
definitely looking forward to hang out
with a perks specifically and get to
know the other g2 guys and other than
that hopefully get to hang out with Paul
maybe Martin never know with him but
yeah what do you mean you never know
with him Martin like sometimes he goes
out sometimes he doesn't he he's he's
he's super nice but when especially with
competition he likes to you know like
isolate himself and keep the hand of the
game so that he doesn't really like get
influenced by other things so maybe the
last day you know never know but depends
on how happen I think that's to you know
but buddy is he he definitely like like
gets into a different mindset when he's
competing so we should say we're talking
about reckless Martin reckless yeah it's
you think do you think that'll still hit
because one of the questions I have
about rift rivals is how much will a
team like that like how much will the
team's their care because it is there's
like nothing on the line really it's
like a random tournament in the middle
of the split I'm not saying it's not
hype I'm just saying it's like it's a
lot different than like an MSI or Worlds
right yeah I mean definitely that you
guys are just coming here for the
weather and the better food just like we
all do but I think there must be some
kind of grudge from EU because they lost
last time and they're flying all the way
here so they might as well
try that's kind of how I see it and that
at the end of the day you never really
know how things go if they lose every
game they'll be like yeah we're not
caring if they want every game they were
like yeah we were not caring we just
telling them anyway you know so so it's
it's hard to find the real answer 100t
you know they they're throwing in their
subs that's how that's how confident
they are against Europe I guess is there
like we could just play with subs and
it'll be fine yeah I think that's pretty
cool I mean it's a it's a good it's a
good thing for Levi
I think he's not been doing super well
in Academy but he's been destroying me
and so look you and everyone else so I'm
personally I'm super excited to see how
well he doesn't stage what are are you
gonna be here are you gonna come and
watch probably not really I think we're
screaming actually that's my excuse
screaming through the weekend yeah if we
don't play LCS we practice TSM sucks
well you say TSM sucks are you
practicing because the team sucks are
you saying you're practicing because the
organization makes you you scrim I'm
enslaved
yikes no okay so you you practice a lot
so you do you think it's a good thing
are you happy to have kind of a week off
even if you're screaming is it nice to
have a little bit of a break from LCS I
prefer to play LCS I prefer even more to
play reef rivals but blows so yeah I
mean I'm I'm down to scream hopefully we
get some games against some EU teams and
see what they're doing uh yeah
I mean yeah for sure you say prefer even
more to play rift rivals so you wish you
were playing in referals oh yeah
definitely how come why not it's a it's
a good experience you know like even if
even if the games are not like you're
not playing for your life you're still
getting to play against a different like
you're kind of opening your mind to
different scenarios and different play
cells even if they're playing the exact
same champion they might play matchups
in a different way because you're just
used to like your own little bubble so
it's very helpful especially if you're
like looking forward towards the grand
picture which is worlds playoffs do you
think that
na teams will gain not like knowledge
and experience from having that you guys
come over here and especially the guys
playing in referrals is it is it gonna
get them like a bit of a leg up they'll
probably get that probably gain
knowledge and experience in the long run
but in the short run I feel like
everyone will just get freaking confused
the way things are right now
I think confusion is gonna be the first
thing that comes from referrals or any
or any na LCS teams good right now I'm
who so who was third third right now yes
yes I was talking more in general are
any na teams good right now because I
watched some of these games mathy and I
am NOT an analyst but I am like how did
that team win and how did that team like
just look so bad you know they look so
bad they don't deserve to win that game
the other team looked worse that's why
they want it's just it feels weird right
now
that's objectively always the case but
right now I'm seeing some really bad
stuff you're not seeing anything else
okay I don't want lck as much are they
all bad - as all are there any good
teams in all of League of Legends right
now there's just a lot of champions
being played so people are not as
proficient on certain champions which
makes for a lot of mistakes then there's
hard counter picks in a lot of lanes and
it makes the game more interesting for
the fans but less consistent other than
that yeah I'm not gonna say any it's
good because I mean it's just it's just
never been good you're here I mean I'm
here I'm hopefully like I'll whenever
I'm playing the international tournament
I'll be like yeah it like na is
gonna do well you know but right now I'm
gonna sit back and just see what happens
and then just blame whoever lost just
like everyone else does do you do you
not remember a tournament called MSI
2016 where CLG went and got second
actually yeah that was that was pretty
insane
I must remember when we beat rift rivals
last year or we won with rifles last
year and I has been good
you won riff Royals yes what you're
right now talking about how much you
wish you could play in ref rivals like
whoa and that and then we win it and
you're like oh it doesn't matter I mean
it's a good experience but it shouldn't
really like be proud of and you can't
say you that your biggest achievement
winning roof rivals no I think the
biggest achievement is probably CLG
getting second place at MSI and and
maybe our biggest achievement is that
you and Sven and everybody else has to
come over here just fight the fact that
we're such a region methey I'm
not I'm not saying that I'm just saying
I mean yeah I was
what's the where are we going with this
yeah our is na gonna win with tribals
next week I hope they do because Kirk's
has been writing to me some very cocky
things and I mean I'm not really sure
how hard things is gonna do with a new
roster I don't know how I can fox is
gonna do but I trust that TL is gonna
clap them pretty badly I really hope so
because yeah I mean this kid can't like
go around saying things he says okay
alright well now are you having excited
I guess like it's funny I'm kind of like
for me at least I think of risk trials
I'm like it's a strain of tournament
like it isn't but then like this this
conversation happens and I just get
pretty hyped so I think it'll be
interesting behind the scenes how are
things going at TSM are you guys shoring
up your issues is TSM gonna rise once
more ah not sure how it's like if we're
gonna rise or not but I definitely think
that the way our structure is the way we
practice the way our team cohesion is
right now we definitely are a team that
is capable of doing things we haven't
shown a lot of consistency in LCS and
the meta right now it's like I don't
know how but I'm always playing a
Doombot matchup or if it's not me
playing a Doombot much of then either
kevin is playing a doom something or
Pearson is playing a doom something so
like we actually in our draft ox
we have this
like we have these spreadsheets right
where we talk about drafts and then
there's usually someone that gets deep
deep we just have to choose who it is
every children just like who is it
that's getting screwed in this matter
and this traffic bot the big top is that
a mentality thing I mean shouldn't you
guys change that right like it's like
who's gonna have the week early or who's
gonna who's gonna sacrifice for the team
there's probably a better spin on that
than that yeah I mean actually there's
not because you want to have one side
you want to play for on one side that
wants to like play the defense kind of
mode you know and because the other team
is also humans that you know are trying
to win so the problem is that in this
meta their site that like the weak side
can get some really weak matchups and
you need to be very careful with that
because people can just like I mean I
saw a Lux in Europe the other day I've
seen Heimerdinger like we've been I'm
reading it today you know because he
played in soloqueue once and I didn't
want to play against it and then instead
I'm getting branded in Lane so it's just
like there's so much things that they
can pick that you don't can't really
predict like what's gonna happen so yeah
someone has to get D picked is that is
it a good thing that there's so much
stuff they can change for years I've had
friends that I've been like you know in
DotA which is my game you can play any
hero in any Lane and there's no such
thing as a role and anything goes and
it's a far more you know strategic game
because of that I I feel like the fact
that a lot of different things can pop
in all our different lanes should be a
good thing yeah I think it's I think
it's very fun and I think it's good I
don't know if we like if things keep
going this way which i think is the
right direction if we have to like add
more bands or something along those
lines because it it's getting too hard
you know but I really I really like it
I'm not sure about the funnel thing
that's the only thing I'm skeptical
about nothing I'm I don't want to say
it's bad because I'm not playing like I
haven't been playing the support yet if
Peters very vocal that it's bad yeah I'm
aware some pros are very vocal about it
but I'm gonna stay skeptical but yeah I
at least champion wise I love it
personally all right very good
is there anything that you want to say
to any of the fans out there I your team
mates already left so I feel bad keeping
your
Thanks
yeah I just want to say thank you for
whoever like supports me specifically
because I've not been playing very well
I am aware yeah I'm just trying to deal
with it like I tweeted about it it's
hard but I mean this way this right it's
my job so yeah just thank you for the
guys that are sticking with me and
supporting me through the bad times I
thought that was gonna go different
route I thought you were like thank you
to everyone supporting me specifically
not the other teammates that left
already like I just
who cares about tsf me mithi support me
that's true yeah that's working thank
you so much for the interview with
Lieberman else you can check out the
rest of my coverage of all the things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
I knew I could never escape this I
freaking landed my dream job at riot
interviewing pros and stuff and I still
have to do outros for Travis I just
can't get out of it literally you can't
see it but on my back there's like a
contract that was carved into me like
full-on freaking FMA reason I was burned
into her but you get the idea so I think
zombie slash for this subscribe